organized procedure into multiple sections (#108)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/assembly_adding-commands-to-a-devfile.adoc

ifdef::context[:parent-context-of-assembly_adding-commands-to-a-devfile: {context}]

ifndef::context[]
[id="assembly_adding-commands-to-a-devfile"]
endif::[]
ifdef::context[]
[id="assembly_adding-commands-to-a-devfile_{context}"]
endif::[]
= Adding commands to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]

> A devfile allows you to specify commands to run in a workspace. Every command can contain a subset of actions. These subsets are related to specific components and are run in the component containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A devfile enables you [Or, "You can use a devfile..."] to specify commands to run in a workspace. Every command can contain a subset of actions. The actions in each subset are related to a specific component and run in the containers for that component.
```

Reviewer: Saying "You can use a devfile..." gives more agency to the user by focusing on their actions and goals.

> A devfile allows you to specify commands to run in a workspace. Every command can contain a subset of actions. These subsets are related to specific components and are run in the component containers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A devfile enables you to specify commands to run in a workspace. Every command can contain a subset of actions. These subsets are related to specific components and are run in the component containers.
```
Avoid giving inanimate things like software features human attributes. `Enable` can almost always replace `allow`, and `enable` almost always sounds more empowering for users. The one exception to this would be when you are documenting security features, and you're talking about allowing or permitting users to do certain things in the system.
